Break out compatible contract best practices page (#1295)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/pages/chainlink-automation/compatible-contracts.mdx

Use custom logic to allow Chainlink Automation to determine when to execute your smart contract functions.

Learn how to make smart contracts that are compatible with the `AutomationCompatibleInterface` contract and its functions. To understand the best practices when working with Chainlink Automation, click [here](/chainlink-automation/compatible-contract-best-practice).

> <Aside type="tip" title="Considerations and Best Practice">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Aside type="tip" title="Considerations and Best Practices">
```

> We recommend reading about the Chainlink Automation [best practices](/chainlink-automation/compatible-contract-best-practice) before deploying your contract. You can also read more about the Chainlink Automation architecture [here](/chainlink-automation/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you deploy contracts to use with Chainlink Automation, read the [Best Practices](/chainlink-automation/compatible-contract-best-practice) guide. These best practices are important for using Chainlink Automation securely and reliably. You can also read more about the Chainlink Automation architecture [here](/chainlink-automation/overview).
```
